“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” - Steve Jobs

“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.” - John Lennon

“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” - George Eliot

“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.” - Albert Einstein

“The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.” - Tony Robbins

“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt

“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” - Aristotle

“Everything you can imagine is real.” - Pablo Picasso

“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” - Oprah Winfrey

“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill

“Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.” - Henry Ford

“The best way out is always through.” - Robert Frost

“Not all those who wander are lost.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“It always seems impossible until it's done.” - Nelson Mandela

“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” - Oscar Wilde

“Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” - Will Durant

“What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The mind is everything. What you think you become.” - Buddha

“If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.” - Booker T. Washington

“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” - Lao Tzu

“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” - Dalai Lama

“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” - Confucius

“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.” - Confucius

“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Nelson Mandela

“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky

“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” - Thomas Edison

“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” - Mark Twain

“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” - Aristotle

“Believe you can and you're halfway there.” - Theodore Roosevelt

“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” - William James

“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.” - Milton Berle

“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“A room without books is like a body without a soul.” - Marcus Tullius Cicero

“Knowledge is power.” - Francis Bacon

“The unexamined life is not worth living.” - Socrates

“To be, or not to be, that is the question.” - William Shakespeare

“All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.” - William Shakespeare

“There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.” - William Shakespeare

“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.” - William Shakespeare

“Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.” - William Shakespeare

“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln

“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.” - Abraham Lincoln

“The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.” - Abraham Lincoln

“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” - Abraham Lincoln

“Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.” - Walt Whitman

“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt

“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt

“The future depends on what you do today.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Where there is love there is life.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” - Plato

“Courage is knowing what not to fear.” - Plato

“Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.” - Plato

“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.” - Kurt Vonnegut

“And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.” - John Steinbeck

“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“Courage is found in unlikely places.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” - J. K. Rowling

“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” - J. K. Rowling

“It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.” - J. K. Rowling

“After all, tomorrow is another day.” - Margaret Mitchell

“Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.” - Margaret Mitchell

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt

“Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country.” - John F. Kennedy

“Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.” - John F. Kennedy

“That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.” - Neil Armstrong

“I think, therefore I am.” - René Descartes

“The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.” - Blaise Pascal

“God is dead.” - Friedrich Nietzsche

“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.” - Friedrich Nietzsche

“He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.” - Friedrich Nietzsche

“One must imagine Sisyphus happy.” - Albert Camus

“In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.” - Albert Camus

“Man is condemned to be free.” - Jean-Paul Sartre

“Hell is other people.” - Jean-Paul Sartre

“Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” - Lord Acton

“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” - George Santayana

“The pen is mightier than the sword.” - Edward Bulwer-Lytton

“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.” - Mark Twain

“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” - Mark Twain

“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.” - Mark Twain

“Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.” - Mark Twain

“The journey, not the arrival matters.” - T. S. Eliot

“Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.” - T. S. Eliot

“Do not fear death; fear the unlived life.” - Natalie Babbitt

“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.” - Anaïs Nin

“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” - Anaïs Nin

“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney

“If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.” - Malcolm X

“It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts.” - Adlai Stevenson

“The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.” - Anonymous

“Dream big and dare to fail.” - Norman Vincent Peale

“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.” - Norman Vincent Peale

“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” - Norman Vincent Peale

“You become what you believe.” - Oprah Winfrey

“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.” - Oprah Winfrey

“The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.” - Oprah Winfrey

“You have power over your mind—not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” - Marcus Aurelius

“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.” - Marcus Aurelius

“Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.” - Marcus Aurelius

“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself.” - Marcus Aurelius

“The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.” - Marcus Aurelius

“If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.” - Marcus Aurelius

“The obstacle is the way.” - Marcus Aurelius

“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.” - Seneca

“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca

“Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.” - Seneca

“It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it.” - Seneca

“He who is brave is free.” - Seneca

“Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.” - Seneca

“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom.” - Lao Tzu

“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” - Lao Tzu

“Silence is a source of great strength.” - Lao Tzu

“Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.” - Lao Tzu

“A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent upon arriving.” - Lao Tzu

“Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.” - Lao Tzu

“The journey of a thousand miles begins beneath one's feet.” - Lao Tzu

“He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.” - Confucius

“The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.” - Confucius

“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Confucius

“Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.” - Confucius

“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” - Confucius

“Study the past if you would define the future.” - Confucius

“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.” - Socrates

“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.” - Socrates

“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” - Plato

“Wise men learn more from fools than fools learn from wise men.” - Cato the Elder

“It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.” - Epictetus

“No man is free who is not master of himself.” - Epictetus

“First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.” - Epictetus

“We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.” - Epictetus

“Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.” - Epictetus

“It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.” - Epictetus

“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.” - Aristotle

“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” - Aristotle

“We are what we repeatedly do.” - Aristotle

“Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” - Aristotle

“The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.” - Aristotle

“Quality is not an act, it is a habit.” - Aristotle

“The energy of the mind is the essence of life.” - Aristotle

“Hope is a waking dream.” - Aristotle

“Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.” - Aristotle

“The beginning is more than half of the whole.” - Aristotle

“The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.” - Socrates

“I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think.” - Socrates

“An honest man's word is as good as his bond.” - Miguel de Cervantes

“The truth may be stretched thin, but it never breaks, and it always surfaces above lies, as oil floats on water.” - Don Quixote

“Too much sanity may be madness—and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be.” - Miguel de Cervantes

“There is no book so bad that something good cannot be found in it.” - Miguel de Cervantes

“The greatest wealth is health.” - Virgil

“Fortune favors the bold.” - Virgil

“Love conquers all.” - Virgil

“Time flies.” - Virgil

“It is sweet and fitting to die for one's country.” - Horace

“Carpe diem.” - Horace

“Anger is a brief madness.” - Horace

“He who has begun has half done.” - Horace

“Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.” - Seneca

“A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt

“Do one thing every day that scares you.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” - Nelson Mandela

“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” - Nelson Mandela

“A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.” - Nelson Mandela

“There is no passion to be found playing small and settling for a life that's less than the one you're capable of living.” - Nelson Mandela

“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.” - Nelson Mandela

“Freedom is never really won. You earn it and win it in every generation.” - Coretta Scott King

“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“The time is always right to do what is right.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, What are you doing for others?” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“I have a dream.” - Martin Luther King Jr.

“You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.” - Christopher Columbus

“The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.” - John D. Rockefeller

“Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” - John D. Rockefeller

“The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.” - John D. Rockefeller

“A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.” - John D. Rockefeller

“When you undervalue who you are, the world will undervalue what you do.” - Oprah Winfrey

“Create the highest, grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you believe.” - Oprah Winfrey

“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - Oprah Winfrey

“You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” - Maya Angelou

“Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.” - Maya Angelou

“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” - Maya Angelou

“Nothing will work unless you do.” - Maya Angelou

“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.” - Maya Angelou

“If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.” - Maya Angelou

“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” - C. S. Lewis

“Courage, dear heart.” - C. S. Lewis

“We are what we believe we are.” - C. S. Lewis

“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.” - C. S. Lewis

“Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.” - C. S. Lewis

“You can make anything by writing.” - C. S. Lewis

“Not all who wander are lost.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“All that is gold does not glitter.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.” - J. R. R. Tolkien

“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” - W. B. Yeats

“There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.” - William Butler Yeats

“Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.” - William Butler Yeats

“Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.” - William Butler Yeats

“The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.” - William Butler Yeats

“A thing of beauty is a joy forever.” - John Keats

“Beauty is truth, truth beauty.” - John Keats

“Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.” - John Keats

“Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.” - John Keats

“The poetry of earth is never dead.” - John Keats

“Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul.” - Emily Dickinson

“That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.” - Emily Dickinson

“Forever is composed of nows.” - Emily Dickinson

“If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.” - Emily Dickinson

“We never know how high we are till we are called to rise.” - Emily Dickinson

“I dwell in Possibility.” - Emily Dickinson

“The truth is rarely pure and never simple.” - Oscar Wilde

“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” - Oscar Wilde

“Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.” - Oscar Wilde

“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” - Oscar Wilde

“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.” - Oscar Wilde

“Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.” - Oscar Wilde

“We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.” - Oscar Wilde

“It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.” - Oscar Wilde

“The only duty we owe to history is to rewrite it.” - Oscar Wilde

“There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written.” - Oscar Wilde

“We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.” - Oscar Wilde

“All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” - Leo Tolstoy

“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” - Leo Tolstoy

“If you want to be happy, be.” - Leo Tolstoy

“The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.” - Leo Tolstoy

“Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible.” - Leo Tolstoy

“Boredom: the desire for desires.” - Leo Tolstoy

“The strongest of all warriors are these two—Time and Patience.” - Leo Tolstoy

“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.” - Leo Tolstoy

“Everything I know, I know only because of love.” - Leo Tolstoy

“All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.” - Leo Tolstoy

“You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance.” - Ray Bradbury

“You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.” - Ray Bradbury

“Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.” - Ray Bradbury

“There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education.” - Isaac Asimov

“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.” - Isaac Asimov

“People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.” - Isaac Asimov

“Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.” - Isaac Asimov

“Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” - Arthur C. Clarke

“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.” - Arthur C. Clarke

“Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.” - Arthur C. Clarke

“The future isn't what it used to be.” - Arthur C. Clarke

“The answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything is 42.” - Douglas Adams

“Don't Panic.” - Douglas Adams

“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.” - Douglas Adams

“Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.” - Douglas Adams

“Human beings, who are limited by biology, don't have the power to fully understand anything.” - Douglas Adams

“The most important thing we learn at school is the fact that the most important things can't be learned at school.” - Haruki Murakami

“Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.” - Haruki Murakami

“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.” - Haruki Murakami

“Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.” - Haruki Murakami

“When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in.” - Haruki Murakami

“What we think, we become.” - Buddha

“Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.” - Buddha

“Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.” - Buddha

“Holding on to anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.” - Buddha

“Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.” - Buddha

“No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.” - Buddha

“The trouble is, you think you have time.” - Buddha

“What you seek is seeking you.” - Rumi

“The wound is the place where the Light enters you.” - Rumi

“Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love.” - Rumi

“Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.” - Rumi

“The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.” - Rumi

“Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.” - Rumi

“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Hate the sin, love the sinner.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Tell me and I forget, teach me and I remember, involve me and I learn.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Well done is better than well said.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Lost time is never found again.” - Benjamin Franklin

“He that can have patience can have what he will.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Diligence is the mother of good luck.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Energy and persistence conquer all things.” - Benjamin Franklin

“By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.” - Benjamin Franklin

“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.” - Benjamin Franklin

“If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.” - Benjamin Franklin

“Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.” - Benjamin Franklin

“You may delay, but time will not.” - Benjamin Franklin

“A penny saved is a penny earned.” - Benjamin Franklin

“The harder I work, the luckier I get.” - Samuel Goldwyn

“The best revenge is massive success.” - Frank Sinatra
